Robert Hammond: Hey how's it going
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you, why are you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Why are you
Robert Hammond: I'm under the truck right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh my goodness.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's going on.
Robert Hammond: Drop the gas tank and take up the oil filter the guests.
Robert Hammond: Are getting clogged.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's on your vehicle.
Robert Hammond: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wow have you been since we last spoke
Robert Hammond: Smoking
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, how's it going
Robert Hammond: Good. I guess I've got back a lot. Just like on the edge all the time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How long has it been
Robert Hammond: What about you can have
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Any progress, um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I know maybe you can reach out to the album. Have you ever met with Dr. April. I know she was trying to help patients so interested in quitting smoking and so there was, I think there's like different medication that you can mail out to kind of help support that.
Robert Hammond: All right. Uh, I talked to my doctor about that, dude. I, uh, I got on that Jen pics
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Yes, that's what she's feeling okay
Robert Hammond: Well, that's good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, good, good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What made you decide what led to the decision of wanting to quit smoking.
Robert Hammond: I've been trying to Chris Farley for a long time now, I can be my own boss and I didn't want him to be ranking I want him around.
Robert Hammond: To the back when I was younger.
Robert Hammond: But a problem because he started getting
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Started what
Robert Hammond: Started spitting like
Robert Hammond: Tobacco
Robert Hammond: So I hadn't quit smoking queuing and everything around it. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Definitely a process.
Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, clearly, you're working towards it, you're committed to the goal. So that's the the nose. Whenever you take a step towards investing into your overall health and well being. That's good to have you done any other things like adding exercise or anything else to to the team.
Robert Hammond: I still do.
Robert Hammond: Not
Robert Hammond: Know, I've made a couple of more meeting this weekend.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What did you think about our conversation. Well, we kind of talked about boundaries and relationships. What are some things you gotta
Robert Hammond: I just took up but my opinion old are actually in a group, writing
Robert Hammond: Talking about that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: People anytime out boundaries.
Robert Hammond: Right, I'll codependency and stuff like that.
Robert Hammond: I definitely got to work on that. I still got going on. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And how long have you been with this. I'm just refine
Robert Hammond: What is it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like fading away. What was that
Robert Hammond: Almost, almost three years.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's a long time in
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: House for recovery been
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Saying, in comparison to look
Robert Hammond: Order backwards.
Robert Hammond: Okay, talk to
Robert Hammond: Me about going into the movies and stuff going to get the fly go the owners. We don't do not
Robert Hammond: Like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Can you speak a little closer to the mouthpiece, you're like,
Robert Hammond: Yeah, sorry about it. Good, yeah.
Robert Hammond: One of the groups is good, but I didn't know how that how that works, and all that.
Yeah, she
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She wants to enroll in the program. That's fine. We just I wouldn't be able to see her as an individual therapists who will be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It would be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A conflict of interest. Yeah, that's what I was thinking a movie and
Robert Hammond: Conflict. If I were seeing her, it will be considered a dual
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relationship. So you would have to she would have to see someone else.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But definitely encouraged if there, if you have a spouse that you're in a relationship with and you want to make it work in there. Also, and at it, both of you should be participate in this type of addiction recovery program to protect your sobriety as well as you know the relationship
Robert Hammond: Right, October after if I want to go to you. I hope you will be before
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But
Robert Hammond: Celebrating program.
Robert Hammond: Know that one to do something.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what keeps you committed to this relationship. I mean, last week we talked about some of the not so good things in a relationship, but it was some of the three years I imagine now some some good things so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: what's working well in the relationship.
Robert Hammond: Like during my time there. I don't have like that like I can always rely on her to help me for
Robert Hammond: Maybe go for everything like that to help her.
Robert Hammond: feel happy. We're lucky. Lucky like to be going through
Robert Hammond: Go on record. Oh, we've done
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A video for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And the paradigm of relationships and and the different roles that we
Play in those relationships.
Talking to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you said the support that you all have for each other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Those things play a part.
Robert Hammond: My father had a pornography that he had to go do today.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How's he doing
Robert Hammond: He's nervous Adele
Robert Hammond: I was all I had to have one of those in the belt.
Robert Hammond: Fantastic literally
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So car when you have to go through different surgeries and process, especially as you get older.
Robert Hammond: Right, you said that you're putting it off for a while.
Robert Hammond: I'm wondering maybe do it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With Dr. Alan about the medication and glue
Robert Hammond: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He says on what
Robert Hammond: On the weekend going really like from basically from appointment to appointment. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, I always let him know when the next appointment is and I think we're on. Oh, are we on a weekly
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: tracker, we do every other week.
Like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We do every other week. So we'll finalize that before the end of the session and I'll let him know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That this here on is the drama triangle. And like I mentioned earlier, it shows the different roles that we play in relationships. And so as you're watching the video identify what role you're thinking, typically playing relationships.
Saying how conflict arises between people, often in dramatic or intense relationships or interactions and it was conceived by a guy called Stephen Kaufman in 1968
And it involves three different roles one that's kind of cold one down role and to that a cold one approach.
History roles. The victim, the rescuer
persecutor
And I think understanding how these roles work can really help us to identify how we could be resolving potentially destructive interactions that are quite
Draining on our energy. So let's start with the victim role. I think the victim role is quite self explanatory. It's the person who feels helpless and powerless, like they can never cut a break.
Or they can never get ahead in life. They often think things like, you know, this always happens to me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Another role in this drama triangle is the rescue and this person is someone who takes responsibility for other people's problems.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And they kind of make it their own problems. But at the same time, they don't really look at their own life, which could in fact be a complete mess.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And they'll say people who might be going through a difficult time and think, oh look at that person you know they need help. I'm nice so I'll help them or maybe something a bit more parental like if that person did what I said they'd be happy.
And I think the dynamic that we often see play out between the victim.
And the rescuer is something that we see in movies and, you know, romantic comedies all the time. It's something that we almost think is normal.
But it really is an unhealthy interaction. So the third row on this triangle is a persecutor. This is a person who is frustrated. They're kind of self righteous and a bit of a bullied.
You know, and they might think things like you know they're wrong. And I'm right may need to do what I say.
Or that person will get what's coming to them. Another thing that's really important to recognize about this triangle is that each of these roles move between each other.
So, you know, the rescuer can become a prostitute or or the prosecutor can become the victim, the victim can become the persecutor so they all kind of move around.
Another concept that's really important to understand when talking about the drama triangle is this idea of the starting gate, we tend to have this one role that we most naturally sort of enter into
So for instance, you know one person might often go straight to the victim law where someone else might jump into the rescue.
The other thing that's really interesting about this is that starting gate roll sort of is part of what we see as our own identity and like I said before, we shift from one role to the other.
Inevitably, we all end up in the victim role feeling powerless and helpless and I able to do anything. And that's why it's really important to work out strategies for how to get out of this triangle. So I guess that brings me to the next question. How do we get out of this drama triangle.
So let's take it by looking at each role again. So in the one down victim role, we need to become a survivor. In order to do this.
We need to think like a problem solver and ask ourselves questions like what do I want and what steps can I take to get what I want another useful thing to do is to reflect on the good things that are going away.
So we can make a note of it in a calendar or diary.
You know, ask ourselves questions like What are three things that I'm grateful for today.
Or at the end of each week we could ask ourselves, what did I change this week.
So let's move on to the rescuer role. Again, if this is where you tend to find yourself sitting, you need to think of yourself as a teacher or a coach.
Rather than as a rescue you need to remember the golden rule about teaching a man to fish.
So you need to support and encourage the person in ways to identify and solve their problems rather than rushing into solve it for them.
You can ask them things like, what is it that you want to see happen in the situation or what do you think you can do to changes.
Also, you need to make sure that you set boundaries setting boundaries around the time that you're able to listen to the person I'm letting them know that is really important.
In some ways it's a similar situation with the starting gate persecutor who like the rescue of what some cells in this sort of one not power powerful position. The difference is with this role is that you need to become a challenge of need to be firm but fair in your approach to people.
And to help the person recognize how you're feeling, you need to sort of address the consequences of their actions and set boundaries. So for instance, you could say something like, if you if you keep your side of the agreement, I can keep one
As well the rescuer. It's important to remember to set these boundaries and recognize that this isn't your problem to solve.
By freeing ourselves from this drama triangle, we are able to have happier, healthier relationships with people who might feel so drained and powerless and will also be able to identify toxic relationships that we may in fact be better off without
Robert Hammond: The
Robert Hammond: One.
Robert Hammond: Important thing.
Robert Hammond: That I go, I go back and forth between the rescuer persecutor
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, what situations do you typically become the prosecutor.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Usually a common person or particular problem that
Robert Hammond: My girlfriend right now. We like every time we run out of gas. She's always expecting you to push
Robert Hammond: And lately I've been, you know, sitting like like I thought within boundaries but i would i would even nailed
Robert Hammond: It on my phone. We
Robert Hammond: Know that
Robert Hammond: You know, I could be helping me well.
Robert Hammond: Instead of just making a big deal about it.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I mean, But lastly you already kind of mentioned that, um, never be established rules and boundaries in your relationship. So it seems that whenever things
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Are created, it's more out of anger or resentment, because the situation. So let's see a pattern or history of behaviors that she's doing that you don't like.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so rather than communicating the boundaries or the rules or the respectful terms in the relationship. You know, you may just operate out of your anger and resentment.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, and we've all been guilty of that in relationships, small, we can't play communicate our needs for our frustrations.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, maybe spiteful and do certain things that we know will hurt or a spouse, but we do it as a way to kind of pull back point on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The downside of that no one really went because your spouse is upset with you and you know, even as you just shared. No, no, it's not right, but you're doing it because you feel like there needs to be some type of balance in the relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's why it's important to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Establish those ground rules and some of those boundaries.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Robert Hammond: Good job, good job, Linda, not long ago.
Robert Hammond: And we're talking about that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, you are discussing.
Robert Hammond: Is that how we end up blowing up and then freakin making one problem into a bigger problem just by freaking I resentments to each other.
Robert Hammond: You know, holding up to start working with me.
Robert Hammond: But holding on to resentments, and then friggin fighting each other with the with that and it's like no reason for it. Yeah.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He becomes the prosecutor, you know, what role is she, she become the victim, but she prosecuting
Robert Hammond: Two brothers do
Robert Hammond: You bet on that one. Yeah.
Robert Hammond: I mean everything
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: From the rescuer
Robert Hammond: About almost all the time.
Robert Hammond: Always got some something problem going on that needs help with always a favorite actor or something.
Robert Hammond: So I find myself rigging.
Robert Hammond: Stuff and then I don't even think about my stuff and then the exam.
Robert Hammond: Well I pushed to the back and
Robert Hammond: You know, I end up living her life and not mine.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Reaching out with your friends to that they call you whenever they need things but when it's you know your time for me. They're not responsive.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Would it be safe to say that you attract that that type of personality. You know those people that typically need you.
Robert Hammond: Definitely
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What qualities do you think that as to attracting those type of personalities.
Robert Hammond: Honesty and my willingness to to actually
Robert Hammond: Meet them to do for me, you know, the same way.
Robert Hammond: So I give freely, you know, the people I don't even know. I mean, I trust them everything could do and trust right off the bat.
Robert Hammond: No, no.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In that way.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let's break down that word willingness. What does that mean to you. What's the definition of work, how does that relate to you.
Robert Hammond: You're open to new ideas, new things. Did you know this new experiences. What else without their
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Has a child. Um, did you have that same Ole Miss one for us.
Robert Hammond: I don't remember being
Robert Hammond: I don't even know my personality back then.
Robert Hammond: I was always
Robert Hammond: Kind of keep that as I
Robert Hammond: Was in troubles, though.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So another world will break down as music right so I can imagine Gretna if I'm wrong. Well up in a household where there is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Kind of like this is high standard to not make a mistake to do what you gotta do, and just always be on guard.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And in situations where I always have to be on guard. I can be defensive or resentful. One of the other depending on situation. And so even though you have this willingness to continue to help people and that willingness, the resentment continues to pile up
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so it's I'm willing. I'm willing but that the other part is, why does it have to be me to do it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And the relationship builds
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Into
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Toxic situations which continues to perpetuate the prosecutor role and continuously develop a resentment.
Robert Hammond: Right now, remember that before that he's dead. He's like crazy. I'm done. Now just dumping everything in
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So when you find a new release this resentment, it must be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On a scale of one to 10, it must be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A level of intensity
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because you've been absorbing, so much, for so long. And then you finally just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do those things where you may help her wash the car or like you said last week, so her car different things with that.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So my question is when do you know that you're reaching your limit. When do you know that, hey, this is a signal that my resentment is rising, and maybe I should communicate around the rule, rule before flag it to the intensity
Robert Hammond: Right, well they leave it when I start catching myself getting angry, that's when I started realizing the Hadith, you know I shouldn't be getting angry. Like there's
Robert Hammond: Nothing I start talking to them right away. There's
Robert Hammond: There's something wrong, there's something wrong with relationship or whatever.
Robert Hammond: Figure out what was going on. What you know what's bothering me and know how to fix it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, what's the
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's your spouse's response on a sheet. Typically, the following day, you're getting
Robert Hammond: Into things I'm always keeping all that
Robert Hammond: Nice Guys blow me off and stuff.
Robert Hammond: I'm displeased engine. But as long as I get it out in
Robert Hammond: A good really
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's good to get out, but you also want someone to understand what you're saying. Because when you do the release. And there's a block that person doesn't understand it also takes away from the relation and and feeling understood
Robert Hammond: Right. That's why you're going to be me this one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You say give me this morning.
Robert Hammond: No leaders read this relationship.
Robert Hammond: Remember,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Remember last week you were really upset and based on what you shared with me. I understand why you would be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But what happens if you need this relationship and you go to the next relationship and you have it establish boundaries and you continue to be the prosecutor and you continue to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have this willingness, but on the back end at the speed limit. You're going to see the same behavior, same outcome.
Right.
Robert Hammond: I know I've been noticing patterns like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What boundaries, would you put in place for yourself so that people won't get to the place of being in that position to continue to use you.
When it's raining.
Robert Hammond: I just didn't know or even even charging them things like that.
Robert Hammond: They charge you money. Pretty good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I saw. I'm sorry, saw a quote where said no is a complete sentence. Don't be afraid to use it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you may not have a reason as to, you know, why you don't want to do certain things.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But to start off with no
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because in the time that we work together you know you you share that it's hard for you to communities are for you to use multiple words to express yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so maybe that's why the know can't come out because you're trying to build up the reason as to why it's, you know, and because you rather not go through the whole process of explaining why smell you. Just like I said, I'll just do it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That accurate.
Robert Hammond: right from wrong. No, no.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He just started with just straight up. No.
Robert Hammond: I don't think I've used that before.
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: I've always added like a reason afterwards.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We have limited communication because you don't want to come up with the reason or it's like, Man, I don't have time to explain. And I'll just do, I'll just do
Robert Hammond: A
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Prosecutor role probably rises up more so because of you're angry. You're with it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the rescue a row probably comes in when you're not triggered when you're not resentful when something you don't mind doing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Something you don't mind doing in the relationship.
Robert Hammond: Even even doing my share, like, you know, throwing trash or whatever.
Robert Hammond: Things like that.
Robert Hammond: You know when when they cook or whatever. I'll do the dishes and things like that.
Robert Hammond: Right.
What's, what's my thoughts.
Robert Hammond: They just
Robert Hammond: Don't know I did you just do to spoil degree.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: attract those world personality. If you continue to have that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Unless you find a woman that's so independent that she can you know function and do things on herself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But even that might be a struggle for you because you're accustomed to taking care of the ones that you love and the provider and being protected. So even if you got the independent person that she didn't have to do as much for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That balance will be, you know, a little off because you may even struggle with. What's your goal. What's your purpose.
Robert Hammond: Right, it actually did. So we're on now with my dad. My dad.
Robert Hammond: You know, they own their own company and everything and
Robert Hammond: So he was like, I like I do my work and then try to help her with her. Yeah, and it was
Robert Hammond: just weird. I know made more money.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In that relationship.
For year
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How did it end
Robert Hammond: She was actually me to get to my kid.
Robert Hammond: My kid like
Robert Hammond: There wasn't even a real relationship.
Robert Hammond: Right. That was my ex his daughters and that I was dating.
Robert Hammond: So,
Robert Hammond: I didn't even know like that whole time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what would you want in relationship.
Robert Hammond: To be honest with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your current girlfriend is honest with you.
Robert Hammond: No, not at all.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm seeing what Aspen fidelity.
Robert Hammond: Even
Robert Hammond: When we're doing the it back on you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know detrimental. But what
What keeps you keeps you
Robert Hammond: Know, nothing else to do, I guess, basically.
Robert Hammond: Is like a time consumer
Robert Hammond: Is basically just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A routine.
Right.
Robert Hammond: Because I lost my kid is like
Robert Hammond: I just wanted like the worst things for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You don't want it to get attracting
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Maybe you're confusing what you're chopping is what you actually want
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I could imagine someone that tracks relationships that are depleting that's not necessarily nurturing if there's a continuous pattern of attracting those people then over time you will believe that you're deserving of those relationships.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or this is just normal. This is what relationships are going to be
Robert Hammond: Right. I didn't want to really stupid. The first place
Robert Hammond: I was against whole thing.
Robert Hammond: So I told that from the very beginning.
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: She, she didn't she didn't want
Robert Hammond: My product, even after a while I were spending so much time together already don't
Robert Hammond: Give them what they want for a while.
Robert Hammond: No know when and what
Robert Hammond: We just did. It did really didn't bother me. It was just like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In that loss of not having custody of your son, you know, last dreams and goals hope.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As a mom. I can't imagine what that feels like. Like, I don't even want to try. Yeah, so the extent of your her in your pain and it's very real.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's not something that you just wake up and you wish it away and that hurt and that wants disappears, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In the other aspects that function in your life.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Don't neglect. Those ones and those who died because right now that I'm Mary, what has been my son, my son that you've neglected all the other ones in your life.
When
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We were thinking about, I try to look at things like in profit and loss because people typically understand
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it's like if there was an opportunity to focus on, you know, a different investment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Would you not focus on that investment and and stay focus on something else that wasn't really gaining any interest.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Weren't really earning any money.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You still focus on that one investment or would you try to see what what other investments are out there.
Robert Hammond: Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And in that it's not abandoning son in law and hope, but it's still adding a purpose. It's still adding value to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's the reason why I made that exam of origin, find that value of other things because we get so caught up in roles and very important roles. But sometimes we lose our identity in that role.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And based on what we shared a lot of pride in that identity.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And when that will was taken away, you forgot all the other identities.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All the other important role that you play
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One of them spouses, one of them. You deserve to be in a healthy relationship.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You deserve that when you get custody of your child again that he can be able to see my dad and your relationship is thriving and it's healthy.
Robert Hammond: And again,
You can add about
Robert Hammond: Whole situation with it.
Robert Hammond: I still can.
Robert Hammond: Make if I could get my head in court. I could I could have written, I know I could apply it.
Robert Hammond: What I just did all that energy that can get me.
Robert Hammond: Know, I mean, I knew. They're breaking the law and knew how they're doing it and I was on the call amount of hours.
Robert Hammond: That I was just coming up with along
Robert Hammond: So they just use that use that to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Push the point of the boundaries.
Robert Hammond: After 20 years of anger management Phil friggin that that one thing I couldn't
Robert Hammond: Never freakin
Robert Hammond: Help
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Anger is hard to manage knows no boundaries. No protections in place.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is the default emotion you is anger, then there has to be so many barriers, put in place, you can get into that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In you work on building those barriers.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your job is when you do the work and what their various law want to put in place that no position to Brittany like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That seems like the ultimate
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Which experience.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I believe that you want to capable of building those boundaries. You just have to believe that you're worthy.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Of being treated in a different way that you're worthy of having a different experience. Oh, then just going through the routine, no matter how crappy the routine is it's a routine.
Robert Hammond: Stuff. I can make myself stuff.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You don't need punish yourself anymore. You've been punished enough
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Grateful for
Robert Hammond: Being alive.
Robert Hammond: And actually almost, almost quitting smoking.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Consistency
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And consistency is more important than perfection.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So keep pushing and keep building up those those rules.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that you can attract people that will respect you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I will add to
It.
Questions.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want to do TUESDAY, MARCH 3 or the following Tuesday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: March 10
Robert Hammond: The director
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, two weeks is March 10
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Alright, so let's do Marston. Same time
Robert Hammond: Yeah, that'll work. All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, I'll say
Robert Hammond: Okay, cool.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, take care.
Robert Hammond: Thank you.